# PIMacs global-map bindings

**DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE**, it is auto-generated by the PIMacs cli "doom +keys pim-to-refcard"

* **C-c b** : Browse url at point. #pim
* **M-g d** : Move backward to the beginning of a defun. #pim
* **«** : Non-breaking spaces with quotes please. #pim
* **»** : Non-breaking spaces with quotes please. #pim
* **S-<f8>** : echo filename in the minibuffer and put in the kill ring. #pim
* **C-<f1>** : Toggle menu bar. #pim
* **S-<f4>** : Start the definition of a macro. #pim
* **C-<f4>** : Edit the last defined macro. #pim
* **<f4>** : Ending the definition of a macro. #pim
* **<f12>** : Delete current window and buffer. #pim
* **C-%** : Comment/Uncomment the entire line and indent. #pim
* **C-*** : Insert a section comments. #pim
* **C-,** : Fancy insert/delete comma at the end of the line. #pim
* **C-:** : Redo from undo-fu. #pim
* **C-;** : Fancy insert/delete semicolon at the end of the line. #pim
* **C-<** : Jump to prev pos. #pim
* **C->** : Jump to next pos. #pim
* **C-k** : If at end of line, join with following; otherwise kill line. #pim
* **C-x C-r** : Find file as root. #pim
* **C-z** : Undo from undo-fu. #pim
* **C-ù** : Comment/Uncomment the entire line but not indent. #pim
* **C-Μ** : Insert a section comments. #pim
* **C-M-<down>** : Scroll down keeping the cursor on the same line. #pim
* **C-M-<next>** : * Move cursor at end of line. #pim
* **C-M-<prior>** : * Move cursor at beginning of line or first non blank character. #pim
* **C-M-<up>** : Scroll up keeping the cursor on the same line. #pim
* **C-S-t** : Open recent file à la Chromium/Firefox. #pim
* **C-S-z** : Redo from undo-fu. #pim
* **C-S-<iso-lefttab>** : Delete current window and buffer. #pim
* **C-<backspace>** : Delete characters backward until encountering the beginning of a word. #pim
* **C-<down>** : Scrolling down in long line. #pim
* **C-<next>** : Select another window in cyclic ordering of windows or with `ace-window`. #pim
* **C-<prior>** : Select another window in backwards ordering of windows or with `ace-window`. #pim
* **C-<tab>** : Swith to buffer with the same workspace. #pim
* **C-<up>** : Scrolling up long line. #pim
* **M-q** : Use fill line or region as auto-fill-mode does. #pim
* **S-<iso-lefttab>** : Dynamically complete the filename under the cursor. #pim
* **<home>** : * Move cursor at beginning of line or first non blank character. #pim
* **<insert>** : Disable overwrite-mode pressing <insert> key. #pim
